This folder contains various notebooks we created on to understand and implement various parts of this project:
  * SORCERY.ipynb - In this notebook, we investigated quantum tapes in Pennylane, how we can apply `qml.transforms.unitary_to_rot.tape_fn` and how we can create a qnode from the results.
  * data-visualizaton.ipynb - This notebook was created to generate bars and stripes dataset using unitaries generated by MPS.
  * demo-jax-jit.ipynb - In this notebook, we sucessfully incorporated JAX into the extended circuit we used during our presentation. Originall, we were not able to incorporate JAX due to jagged arrays.
  * demo-jax.ipynb
  * demo.ipynb - This notebook was created for the demo in our presentation.
  * evalute-trained-mps.ipynb - This notebook was created to understand and evaluate the KL divergence of the quantum circuit generated by MPS.
  *  extending-chi-2-mps-and-training.ipynb - This notebook mapped chi = 2 to a trainable parametric quantum circuit
  *  extending-mps-circuit.ipynb -  This notebook was created to understand the training of multi-qubit unitaries from MPS in addition to th exnteded gates that are added to the circuit.
  *  fixing-mps-to-pqc-the-end.ipynb - This notebook was created to fix the quantum circuit created using the unitaries from MPS.
  *  fixing-mps-to-qc-part-2.ipynb - This notebook was created to continue the exploration of fixing the quantum circuit created using the unitaries from MPS.
  *  fixing-mps-to-qc.ipynb - This notebook was created to fix the quantum circuit generated by MPS
  *  jax-jit_random-near-unitary-extended.ipynb - This notebook was created to train the extended circuit. The extended citcuit has unitary gates generated by MPS and SU(4) with an all-to-all topology. The unitary gates generated by MPS were not trainable parameters, only SU(4) pareameters were.
  *  mpd-decomposition.ipynb - This notebook was created to check if left-canonicalization using tensor networks works.
  *  mps-circuit-helper-tests-new.ipynb - This notebook was created to test the implementation of the isometries to unitaries functionality in mps_circuit_helpers.py.
  *  mps-circuit-helper-tests.ipynb - This notebook was orignally used to test the implementation of the isometries to unitaries functionality in mps_circuit_helpers.py.
  *  qiskit-iso-to-unitary.ipynb - This note book was created to find out out where qiskit.{...}.Isometry gives us a quantum circuit to implement the isometry.
  *  trained-bd-2-mps.ipynb - This notebook was creatd to fix MPS to parametric quantum circuit mapping
  *  trained-iso-to-unitary.ipynb - This notebook was creatd to load a trained MPS, check its bond-dimensions, try to zero-pad it and try to left-canoncalize.
  *  trained-mps-cano.ipynb - This notebook was created to investigate the canonicalization of the trained MPS.
  *  trained-mps-metrics.ipynb - This notebook was created to see how the KL divergence works.


